OSDOCS-5239: Documented AWS LZ IP auto creation of subnets (#60771)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-extend-edge-nodes-aws-local-zones.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="installation-extend-edge-nodes-aws-local-zones_{context}"]
= Creating user workloads in AWS Local Zones
After you create an Amazon Web Service (AWS) Local Zone environment, and you deploy your cluster, you can use edge worker nodes to create user workloads in Local Zone subnets.

> After the installation program creates the cluster, the program automatically specifies a taint effect of `NoSchedule` to each edge worker node. This means that a scheduler does not add a new pod, or deployment, to a node if the pod does not match the specified tolerations for a taint. You can modify the taint for better control over how each node creates a workload in each Local Zone subnet.

Reviewer: @dfitzmau what is the current/convention to refer to the installation? is`the installer` or `the installation program`? I can see both in the docs.

Author: The `installation program` program is correct. Some legacy instances of `openshift-installer` exist in the wider installation doc set. I'll ensure the AWS LZ docs do not contain the latter term.

Reviewer: perfect, thanks!

> After the installation program creates the cluster, the program automatically specifies a taint effect of `NoSchedule` to each edge worker node. This means that a scheduler does not add a new pod, or deployment, to a node if the pod does not match the specified tolerations for a taint. You can modify the taint for better control over how each node creates a workload in each Local Zone subnet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you run the installation program and create the cluster, a taint effect of `NoSchedule` is automatically specified to each edge worker node. This means that a scheduler does not add a new pod, or deployment, to a node if the pod does not match the specified tolerations for a taint. You can modify the taint for better control over how nodes create workloads in each Local Zone subnet.
```

Reviewer 2: I tried my hand at rewriting this a bit to avoid some anthropomorphism: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-anthropomorphism

Author: Anthropomorphism would not apply here because the installation program does the tasks: 

![Screenshot from 2023-09-12 15-21-52](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/b2a84ba7-e9a4-43c8-ae7d-06ca84b62d61)
